So now that we've mastered the CDK lifecycle,
now we're able to dive in and start building some really exciting things.
So let's start off here by looking at Globomantics and
what's going on in their process.
So Josh, like us, has validated the CDK lifecycle.
He's now ready to look at the API tier for this proof of
concept for the document management system.
So with this,
he needs to be able to first deploy out some sample content into the
documents bucket because he needs to have some data to work with.
He also needs to enable users to view these documents without
having AWS access. And also, as a side note here,
without just opening up the bucket to anyone publicly. He also needs to
have an API that can be integrated with the web front end.
So let's take a quick look back at our sample architecture.
Up to this point, here's what we've built out.
We've created our documents bucket, and we've created our VPC.
Now we're not going to be adding anything to our VPC
until we get to the next module.
But here within this module,
we're going to be focused on building out that documents
API with API Gateway and the Lambda function that's going
to interact with the S3 bucket.
And then once we get past this module, we'll then move forward with
implementing the remaining work in the next module.
So here, as an overview, first,
we're going to be researching within the CDK documentation the
needed packages that we're going to be working with.
And I'm including this here because this is just as critical of a step as
actually writing code because you'll spend a lot of time in the
documentation when you're building out your infrastructure.
Next,
we're going to be implementing a Lambda function with local code
within our project. We're then going to be configuring our Lambda
function to interact with the documents bucket. We'll be deploying
documents to an S3 bucket with the CDK,
then defining permissions between Lambda, API Gateway, and S3, and then ultimately creating an API Gateway HTTP API.